yesterday at our first show you got
presented pictures of the installation of
our house
and if you have never missed me
these pictures the bass and it's available
on our website
and we showed you the following because
that fender and eilat installation he
was too windy to install the house on
two days the flu paul v all this eh
Well then we will not look at the
suspense longer the sequel
pass now or hello it's for
delivery he addresses his 1400 reborn
lavine even his minds 4,5 the mrc there at
moment when it's not home is not
built but when you will arrive
it's going to be announced the trial is
it robin the wages to both is the
ranking it's just very clearly
check the wine for that price on it
was watching the house that should be fine
go
if I take in person but the time
press the show starts tomorrow really
addictive seen tower 42 stadiums
today first step what are we doing
we unpack the house is ben laden
because a sketch
and here the senator beat the vcb
pierre luc cloutier
go we try a pressure camera
can I - my way
we remember that it's not with this
block job
here you have without the smile and briare
beginning we see the house will look
what is it sophie the ifab
weight distribution for why
not to put them in step the same rigor
the phase 4 of the studio and warehouse
officially go to place the house
and on this young over here
it starts to smell pizza
vegetarian for you well here to me
talk about hindsight and the clinton does
declare I put it in place
one to blessing can congratulate himself
that you retain your meaning in their lives
second hinge after three
hinges really we did develop
engineers for a few months
local people and ask them to pay
earthlover moving with a pizza
damage two days absolutely I
thank you for everything
all the guys and girls were there this
that day that lent themselves to the game
for all accustomed to pass is elected and
there were cameras on them and there are
really played the game thank you very much
it's very nice and it's been
another crisis and paronychia like a
little guy but I try I was happy
but that is not what awaits me there
I do not know what a good idea anyway
to install a house for sale to that
atos history not because
if he will raise the reminder and bump
on the mouse on radio-canada or broken
trees finally it's really very
unpleasant and impressionable to be the
thanks again from the team
this time to see that stone louette
allows to go into his culture of his
range but it's reached happened
all the pictures anyway a little on
stays in the sea ​​area